Add a Google Cloud Pub/Sub connector to the exporting engine (#8855)
netdata/netdata: exporting/pubsub/README.md

<!--
---
title: "Export metrics to Google Cloud Pub/Sub Service"
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/exporting/pubsub/README.md
---
-->

# Export metrics to Google Cloud Pub/Sub Service

## Prerequisites

To use the Pub/Sub service for metric collecting and processing, you should first
[install](https://github.com/googleapis/cpp-cmakefiles) Google Cloud Platform C++ Proto Libraries.
Pub/Sub support is also dependent on the dependencies of those libraries, like `protobuf` and `grpc`. Next, Netdata
should be re-installed from the source. The installer will detect that the required libraries are now available.

## Configuration

To enable data sending to the Pub/Sub service, run `./edit-config exporting.conf` in the Netdata configuration directory
and set the following options:

```conf
[pubsub:my_instance]
    enabled = yes
    destination = pubsub.googleapis.com
    credentials file = /etc/netdata/google_cloud_credentials.json
    project id = my_project
    topic id = my_topic
```

Set the `destination` option to a Pub/Sub service endpoint. `pubsub.googleapis.com` is the default one.

> You should provide access to the file with Google Cloud credentials for the `netdata` user.

Reviewer: Is this saying that the `netdata` user should be able to read the `google_cloud_credential.json` file? Maybe there's another way to phrase that.

And where does `google_cloud_credential.json` come from? Do they download the file and put it in `/etc/netdata`, or create it on their own?

Author: Yes and yes.
As for the downloading, please look ad https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started. Should we add this link to the documentation?

> Set the `destination` option to a Pub/Sub service endpoint. `pubsub.googleapis.com` is the default one.
> You should provide access to the file with Google Cloud credentials for the `netdata` user.

Reviewer: We can start with something like this. I may not have the permissions right—feel free to correct me if I'm wrong!

```suggestion
Next, create the credentials JSON file by following Google Cloud's [authentication guide](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account). The user running the Agent (typically `netdata`) needs read access to `google_cloud_credentials.json`, which you can set with `chmod 644 google_cloud_credentials.json`.
```

Author: Done.
